+++
type = "indexFile"
metaTitle = "Personalised Wedding Frames | Personalised Wedding Gifts | Shauna Gra"
title = "Personalised Wedding Frames"
description = "Handmade Personalised Wedding Frames, Personalised Wedding Gifts, Frame With Bride & Groom Names & Date Of Wedding, Secure Online Shopping, Worldwide Delivery."
+++
The perfect and unique wedding gift for the Happy Couple. As every wedding is unique, I believe my personalised wedding frames should be too! Our personalised wedding gifts are ideal for the couple who has everything, or as personalised bride gifts I have designed my wedding frames cutting out a couple out of foam by hand. I then spray paint the couple and finally I add some gems to the Bride and Groom. Who doesn't love a bit of sparkle? My favourite type of handmade wedding frames to make are customised wedding frames. So, whether you are looking for personalised wedding frames Ireland, unique wedding gifts Ireland, or, personalised wedding gifts Ireland, we can help. I know it is such an important part of a couple's life. Hence, I want them to truly love the unique handmade wedding keepsake that they receive. Please let us know if you require a particular type of personalised wedding frame. As unique Irish wedding gifts go, they don't get more Irish than this. What better to give a couple than a personalised wedding gift. Or, if you are looking for bride to be gifts Ireland, or personalised frames Ireland, the bride would love to receive one before the wedding also, it does not have to be a wedding frame. Please see our range of unique personalised wedding gifts frames below.
